Initial CRUD with proposed metadata handling (#37)
w3c/lws-protocol: lws10-core/Rest-Binding/rest-update-resource.md

**PUT (replace full resource)** – Send PUT to the resource URI with new full content in the body and matching Content-Type (generally consistent with existing type). PUT is idempotent for existing resources. For safety, include If-Match with current ETag (per Section 7.3 concurrency); mismatch yields 412 Precondition Failed or 409 Conflict. Without checks, updates are unconditional but risk overwriting concurrent changes. If a server supports `Etags` for a resource, it **MUST** reject unconditional PUT requests that lack an If-Match header with a 428 Precondition Required response.

**Example (PUT to update a resource):**
```
PUT /alice/personalinfo.json HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Content-Type: application/json
If-Match: "abc123456"
{
"name": "Alice",
"age": 30,
"city": "New London",
"state": "Connecticut"
}
```

> In this example, the client is updating an existing JSON resource at /alice/personalinfo.json. It includes an If-Match header with the ETag "abc123456" that it presumably got from an earlier GET or HEAD on this resource. The server will compare that to the current ETag; if they match, it proceeds to replace the content with the JSON provided. If they don’t match, the server rejects the update (because the resource was changed by someone else in the meantime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the client is updating an existing JSON resource at /alice/personalinfo.json. It includes an If-Match header with the ETag "abc123456" that it got from an earlier GET or HEAD request. The server will compare that to the current ETag; if they match, it proceeds to replace the content with the JSON provided. If they don’t match, the server rejects the update (because the resource was changed by someone else in the meantime).
```

Partial Update (PATCH): A PATCH request to the linkset URI adds, removes, or modifies specific links.

**Concurrency Control for Metadata**
Because a resource's metadata can be modified by multiple actors, preventing concurrent overwrites is critical. To ensure data integrity, LWS servers and clients MUST implement optimistic concurrency control using conditional requests [[RFC 7232](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7232)] for all PUT and PATCH operations on a linkset resource.
Server Responsibilities:
A server **MUST** include an Etag header in its responses to GET and HEAD requests for a linkset resource.
Upon a successful PUT or PATCH on the linkset, the server MUST generate a new, unique Etag value for the modified linkset and return it in the Etag header of the response.
Client Responsibilities:
When modifying a linkset resource, a client MUST include an If-Match header containing the most recent Etag it received for that resource.
Processing Rules:
If the If-Match header value does not match the linkset's current Etag, the server MUST reject the request with a 412 Precondition Failed status code.

> If the If-Match header is missing from a PUT or PATCH request to a linkset URI, the server MUST reject the request with a 428 Precondition Required status code [[RFC 6585](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6585#section-3)].

Reviewer: Requiring ETags seems excessive. Instead, I would suggest that clients SHOULD use concurrency headers to avoid lost updates.
